
F.A.Q.
======

 Q: Yuni seems to cover many domains, is it some kind of ultimate program ?
 A: Not quite. First, it is not a program, but a set of libraries (both dynamic
    and static).
	It is not meant to be an entity on its own, but a basis for advanced
	development in C++.

 Q: Oh I see, one more magic swiss army knife library...
 A: Yes, it might seem a bit of a utopia. However, it is clear there is a need
    for something like that for C++ and no other project has yet managed to
	provide for this need. We strive for excellency and will do our very best;
	we sincerely hope the result will be up to our expectations and yours.

 Q: Is Yuni a 3D engine ?
 A: Not only. It does offer a 3D engine as one of its many features.

 Q: Is it _really_ portable ? How many platforms are supported ?
 A: Yuni is portable stricto sensu. It offers the same public interface
    whatever the platform. It should compile on recent Microsoft Windows
	systems (XP and upwards), GNU/Linux, Mac OS X, FreeBSD and most other
	Unices.

 Q: What compiler should I use to compile Yuni ?
 A: GCC, MS Visual Studio 9+ and MinGW are officially supported. We hope to
    have ICC and SunCC support in the future.

 Q: Does Yuni support 64-bit operating systems ?
 A: Currently, no, mostly for lack of testing possibilities.

 Q: Does Yuni provide a scripting language ?
 A: No, Yuni offers a common interface for accessing several scripting languages.

 Q: Which scripting languages ?
 A: Lua support is already provided. Ruby and Python support are underway.

 Q: I fixed a bug in Yuni's head revision. May I commit it ? Will I get a medal ?
 A: Thank you, not immediately and no, sorry. In order to commit any code to
    Yuni's SVN, the coding style must be strictly followed. Also, the code
	should compile on all supported platforms and compilers (although we are
	of course very lenient in this area, for technical reasons). Finally, it is
	not allowed for anonymous users to commit on the SVN. You have to submit
	your patch on Yuni's mailing list: dev@libyuni.org
	(Subscription at: dev-subscribe@libyuni.org)

